Use charconv for numeric parsing printing (#710)
zeux/pugixml: docs/manual.adoc

[[PUGIXML_WCHAR_MODE]]`PUGIXML_WCHAR_MODE` define toggles between UTF-8 style interface (the in-memory text encoding is assumed to be UTF-8, most functions use `char` as character type) and UTF-16/32 style interface (the in-memory text encoding is assumed to be UTF-16/32, depending on `wchar_t` size, most functions use `wchar_t` as character type). See <<dom.unicode>> for more details.

> [[PUGIXML_CHARCONV_CONVERSION]]`PUGIXML_CHARCONV_CONVERSION` will use number formating via https://en.cppreference.com/cpp/header/charconv[<charconv>] instead of `<stdio.h>` functions, this requires C++17 and UTF-8 interface. Note that the conversion will then ignore the locale and always als like the default `C` locale is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[PUGIXML_CHARCONV_FLOAT]]`PUGIXML_CHARCONV_FLOAT` will use https://en.cppreference.com/cpp/header/charconv[<charconv>] for floating-point number formatting instead of `<stdio.h>` functions, which requires C++17 and UTF-8 interface. Note that the conversion will then ignore the locale and always act as if the default `C` locale is used.
```

Author: done
